# Locale Configuration

 * **_availableLocales.json** : this is autogenerated by running `gulp smartling`. *Do NOT edit.*

 * **_localeList.json** : this is autogenerated by running `gulp smartling`. *Do NOT edit.*

 * **availableLocales.json** : This is a full mapping all possible locale identifiers to the locale code that matches the name of .json file containing the strings for that locale. This file serves as a whitelist for locales. If you eliminate an entry from the file, that locale will not be available in the app. It also serves as a means for mapping two-letter locales to their default xx-XX locale. For example, you can add a `en` as a key with a value of `en-US` to make sure that `en` maps to `en-US` in the app. *You can copy/paste entries from **_availableLocales.json** after running `gulp smartling` if you need to add a new locale.*

 * **localeList.json** : This is a full list of available locales in the app. This list is the source for the Language Selector within the app. When importing locales from Smartling, our gulp task does a decent job of identifying the locale and finding both its local name and English name. Sometimes, the automated task is unable to determine these values. When that happens, you can edit this file to change the labels for a language within the app. Be careful when editing the locale identifiers [locale, locale2, locale3] as these must be keys that map to values within **availableLocales.json**.

 * **localeFeatures.json** : This file contains keys for certain features within the app that are not available in all locales. The value for each key is an array containing a list of locales for which this feature is available. The app will check this array and if the currently selected locale is not in the list, that feature will be either hidden or disabled.

 * **planLocales.json** : This is auto-generated by the `gulp smartling` task. It is built from the `reading-plans/configuration` call by mapping app locales to their reading-plan equivalent.

